Improve Python reference documentation (#1209)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenTimelineIO: docs/tutorials/quickstart.md

OTIOView has an additional prerequisite to OTIO:

- Try `python -m pip install PySide2` or `python -m pip install PySide6`

> - If that doesn't work, try downloading PySide here: [](https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_for_Python)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If difficulties are encountered, please file an issue on OpenTimelineIO's github for assistance.
```

> You probably want the prebuilt binary for your platform.  PySide generally includes a link to the appropriate version of Qt as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Configure Environment Variables for extra adapters

> By default, when you install OTIO you will only get the "Core" adapters, which include CMX EDL, Final Cut Pro 7 XML, and the built in JSON format.  In order to get access to the "contrib" adapters (which includes the maya sequencer, rv and others) you'll need to set some environment variables.  If you need support for these formats, please consult the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default OTIO installation includes only the "Core" adapters, which include CMX EDL, Final Cut Pro 7 XML, and the built in JSON format.  In order to get access to the "contrib" adapters (which includes the maya sequencer, rv and others), please consult the 
```
